Arc - document intercepted self-invocation as a non-standard feature (#41550)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/cdi-reference.adoc

}
----

=== Intercepted self-invocation

Quarkus supports what is known as intercepted self-invocation or just self-interception - a scenario where CDI bean invokes its own intercepted method from within another method while triggering any associated interceptors.
This is a non-standard feature as CDI specification doesn't define whether self-interception should work or not.

Suppose we have a CDI bean with two methods, one of which has the `@Transactional` interceptor binding associated with it:

[source, java]
----
@ApplicationScoped
public class MyService {

  @Transactional <1>
  void doSomething() {
    // some application logic
  }

  void doSomethingElse() {
    doSomething();<2>
  }

}
----
<1> One or more interceptor bindings; `@Transactional` is just an example.
<2> Non-intercepted method invoking another method from the same bean that has associated binding(s); this will trigger interception.

> In the above example, any code executed inside the `doSomething()` method triggers interception - in this case becomes transactional - regardless of whether the invocation originated directly from `MyService#doSomething` or `MyService#doSomethingElse`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, any code calling the `doSomething()` method triggers interception - in this case, the method becomes transactional.
This is regardless of whether the invocation originated directly from the `MyService` bean (such as `MyService#doSomethingElse`) or from some other bean.
```

}
----

=== Intercepted self-invocation

> Quarkus supports what is known as intercepted self-invocation or just self-interception - a scenario, where CDI bean invokes its own intercepted method from within another method while triggering any associated interceptors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quarkus supports what is known as intercepted self-invocation or just self-interception - a scenario where CDI bean invokes its own intercepted method from within another method while triggering any associated interceptors.
```
